So now we also manage updating via socket.io,
there's one tiny thing you might be wondering about.
If we create a new post, like a duck again
where I add the image and some content,
it does show up at the top but once I reload, it's actually at the bottom of the list.
Well this is simply due to how I sort on the backend
when I get all posts here in our feed.js controller get posts, there we simply have to sort
by createdAt date in a descending way.
And now by doing that, if I reload on the frontend, our latest posts come first there too.
So that's just some tiny cosmetics which better align with the rest of our application of course,
it doesn't affect the way we use socket.io though of course.